---
layout: post
title: "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [kenzo]"
description: "Know more news and tricks about your device from your maintainer."
thumb_image: "https://drop.ndtv.com/TECH/product_database/images/911201724413PM_635_xiaomi_mi_note_3_blue.jpeg"
tags: [arrowos, android, know-more, redmi-note-3]
device-tag: [redmi-note-3]
---
Published by **Amitava Mitra** on _20th Oct, 2018_ <br> 
_Last edit: 20th Oct, 2018_
#### Maintainer : Amitava Mitra
<br>
### Device status: STABLE
#### What works:
  - Boots
  - RIL (Calls, SMS, Data)
  - VOLTE
  - Fingerprint
  - Wi-Fi
  - Hotspot
  - Bluetooth
  - Camera
  - Camcorder
  - Video Playback
  - Audio
  - Sensors
  - Flash
  - GPS

#### What doesn't work:
  - VILTE (FIX SoonTM)
  - You Tell Me
<br>

Hello there, I am Amitava Mitra, your Redmi Note 3(kenzo) device maintainer for ArrowOS. I'll be interacting with you guys over here in the comments section regarding any device specific queries and also will be sharing a few tweaks/tricks/mods that i use on the device. I know that kenzo is a older device now but still it is a beast in the mid-price segment. With great processor SD650(MSM8956), it can still copeup with today's performance battle. And also has a great opensource custom roms support.

### My homescreen setup:
  - I'm not in that customisation race and loves a simple customisations and I use a custom launcher called "Pixel Launcher" which is really clean with the right amount of customisations just like our rom.
  - Wallpaper - I use Google's Wallpaper App which has some dope wallpapers in it. Gram em in play store.
  
### Mods:
I'm more into rooting and can't get past a day without mods. I use magisk for root and most of it's good modules.<br>

#### Here are a few of the mods that i use:
  - Google sans font
  - Youtube vanced black themed

#### Substratum themes:
  - None as of now, but planning to use someday. Will update whenever i start using it.

 Let me know about the tweaks and mods that you use in the comments sections below. Will be happy to try them out. 😉
 
#### XDA thread:
[Redmi Note 3 ArrowOS Pie thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/redmi-note-3/development/rom-pie-9-x-official-arrowos-9-x-t3840398)
[Rom download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/arrow-os/files/arrow-9.x/kenzo)

Additionally if u like my work u can donate for a cup of tea. :P [LINK](https://paypal.me/amitava123)

 _*This post will be updated gradually with more tweaks and info._
